## Pull Sources for the Catalog Pull Platform
Focusing on the library's catalog, often the most complicated and expensive enterprise software used in the library, the catalog pull catalog augments, supersedes, or bridges semantic description of artifacts being curated and managed by the critical source of pull, people working and using the library. People, institutions, and algorithms pull information, resources, and services out of the Catalog Pull Platform.

It is helpful to deconstruct the pull sources for a typical library, in practice these sources have been fairly limited to academic libraries. As time progresses these distinctions may become more arbitrary as both people and institutions require more algorithmic interfaces to fully respond to the their demands. By offering a platform to customize their catalogs, it is easier to explain to non-library individual what the library's catalog is: a collection of resources managed by the library. Instead of borrowing the marketing language of vendor integrated library systems, discovery layer, and other marketing jargon. The Catalog Pull Platform focuses on the part of the library catalog that touches all parts of the library, the description and management of creative and cultural resources under the care of the library.

The library's catalog, which used to be called the library's integrated library systems and now being marketed as "library services platform" (Breeding, 2012) touches most areas of the library's operations, collections, and public services. The functionality needed to support acquisition and circulation work-flows - not mention the increasingly complex electronic resource management for journals and e-books - traditionally requires these large software systems to include all functionality into monolithic "black-boxes". Competing on feature lists or different user interfaces to the underlying catalog, library automation vendors push features and functionality to libraries. It is encouraging that these vendors are opening or extending their systems through APIs and some direct access to the underlying databases, all which allow the library to become more of a pull-based when responding to patron or user demands rather than waiting for the vendor to "push" these new features. These capabilities and requirements of enterprise, commercial ILS software does not necessarily disappear when using the Catalog Pull Platform. The Catalog Pull Platform

In the catalog pull platform, by offering loosely coupled modules for bibliographic description and operation, allows for easier assembly of new services based on the requirements and demands of the different sources of pull.

Many of the ideas, techniques, and process in a Catalog Pull Platform use and borrow familiar practices from Agile software development processes but within a larger narrative
that can be better communicated with important stakeholders and public decision-makers.
