## What is a Pull Platform?

In their book, *The Power of Pull*, the John Seely Brown and John Hagel III explain that the pull platforms offer a new model for "mobilizing appropriate resources when the need arises" (Hagel and Brown, 2010) Unlike an "top-down" approach Brown and Hegel call "push" that tries to first predict user demand and then build a resource or service that can mostly meet that demand, a pull platform is different. In a recent blog posting, Hagel goes further in defining a pull platform as more than a technology platform but that it is a performance ecosystem that includes rules and governance models that facilitates or improves network interactions between participants. He then lists four types of platforms; Aggregation, Social, Mobilization, Learning Platforms with Learning Platforms being synonymous with Pull Platforms. The key difference between a Learning Platform and the other platform types is that participants in a Learning (or Pull) Platforms are not viewed as 'static' but are active learners and contributors.

Instead of trying to predict perfectly patrons, staff, and administration's demands for information resources and services, the catalog pull platform focuses on building fast, loosely coupled networked web tools that are iteratively developed using processes and techniques from AGLE and Lean startup's ideas in Build-Measure-Learn cycles (Ries, 2011). What this means for the developing the software tools that support a Pull Platform is that sophisticated tools emerge over time starting with a Minimum Viable Product, a term popularized by the Lean Startup movement.(Ries, 2011) This product is then incrementally improved with direct testing and feedback from the participants in the pull platform.

Critical to pull platforms is the idea that new ideas and experiments are encouraged with negligible barriers for use by participants and that these new ideas and processes are easily communicated to other participants in the platform.


