### Vanity and Actionable Metrics
Eric Ries also introduces the distinction between "vanity metrics" verses "actionable metrics" when an organization is evaluating performance in a technology start-up business or other organization. While vanity metrics may offer a comfortable blanket for current complacency in a library's systems and services, they can also distract and confound the library from making important and necessary changes in its collections and services. Vanity metrics may also confirm existing bias of library decision-makers while masking underlying problems with how the library is used. Actionable metrics, in contrast, provide better capture the underlying forces and causes that drive the use and

As an academic library at a private liberal arts college, the Tutt Library is now just beginning to modeling its collections as linked data to support the collection and analysis of metrics from the library's legacy ILS and a new semantic server that manages the library's linked data.

What are these actionable metrics for a library? In a 2012 blog post, John Hagel explained three areas that drive company performance; Customer relationship management, product innovation and commercialization, and Infrastructure operations along with critical metrics. At the end of the same blog post, John Hagel makes a radical assertion that companies of the future will need to choose one of the three, and unbundle or stop doing the other if the company cannot create a pull platform to accomplish these three areas of company performance. (Hagel, 2012) Later sections in this article will propose a way for libraries to collaborate with other entities through the catalog pull platform.
