A technological narrative of a catalog pull platform

The question remains; how can library technology support our institutional
aspirations as we expand in new directions for collections and services?
What stories should we be able to support for our communities, institutions,
and broader access and exposure for people and algorithms beyond our
intended audiences.

Based on John Hagel III and John Seely Brown idea of a pull platform, the
resources and services in the Catalog Pull Platform are directly "pulled"
from the needs of staff, librarians, library administration, commercial
entities, and algorithms. The purpose of the Catalog Pull Platform is to
simple; creating and building catalogs for libraries, cultural heritages
institutions, and any individual or organization interested in long-term
stewardship of collections and artifacts. The Catalog Pull Platform is a
technology narrative and open source umbrella project from which specific
bibliographic and operational services have been built using such vocabularies
as MARC, BIBFRAME, and Schema.org.

The Catalog Pull Platform offers loosely coupled components for rapid,
iterative, Build-Measure-Learn software development cycles for Colorado
College's linked data research, experiments, and digital services. The
highest profile project is a new catalog with a Fedora 4 and Flask-based
semantic server made up of Colorado College's MARC records that have been
converted to BIBFRAME and Schema.org linked data.

The process of normalizing and creating conventions to support the varied
needs of a small academic library is an exciting opportunity given the wide
changes in how libraries need to communicate their stewardship of our
traditional and beautiful physical collections into the exciting mediums of
different social streams that expand and enhance the increasingly blurring
borders between the digital and physical creations.
