# Introduction
The Catalog Pull Platform mobilizes libraries and other memory institution's resources and services for use by three sources: people, institutions, and algorithms. People includes not just interested stakeholders like patrons, staff, and administrators in the library, but also the critics and individuals who do not use the library. Institutions require resources and statistics from their library systems for fiduciary and financial reasons. Thinking of how to mobilize the library's resources and services for algorithms is grounded in the emerging semantic web made up of the library producing and consuming linked data.

Based on John Hagel III and John Seely Brown idea of a pull platform, the resources and services in the Catalog Pull Platform are directly "pulled" from the needs of staff, librarians, library administration, commercial entities, and algorithms. The Catalog Pull Platform is a technology narrative and open source umbrella project from which specific bibliographic and operational services have been built using such vocabularies as MARC, BIBFRAME, and Schema.org. The Catalog Pull Platform offers loosely coupled components for rapid, iterative, Build-Measure-Learn software development cycles for Colorado College's linked data research, experiments, and digital services. The highest profile project is a new catalog with a Fedora 4 and Flask-based semantic server made up of Colorado College's MARC records that have been converted to BIBFRAME and Schema.org linked data.

The Catalog Pull Platform is also used for internal applications like a forked Node.js BIBFRAME web editor from the Library of Congress along with a Flask Schema.org web editor allowing Colorado College library staff to directly catalog creative artifacts including early support for cataloging events. As Philip Schreur stated in an email to a BIBFRAME listserv, "As we move beyond them into more complex media and resources that we have never attempted to 'catalog' before, the concept of event becomes more and more important." (Schreur, 2014)  All of this is possible because the Catalog Pull Platform is flexible to emergent designs and uncertain demands while offering tools for building new library technology and services.

The University of Denver Library Director Nancy Allen, in a report describing the new student-focused services of the renovated Anderson Academic Commons, the library is "Essentially we now deliver space as a service to students." (Allen, 2014) Allen's point is further expanded in a blog post from Lorcan Dempsey what he refers "Library Space as a service". (Dempsey, 2012) How can the library catalog augment and promote what the library space and its collections as services that are easily built from catalog pull platform?
