## Linked Data Toolset

The development of the Catalog Pull Platform has closely followed the Library of Congress Bibliographic Framework (BIBFRAME) initiative. The initial 2011 announcement from the Library of Congress on the creation of a bibliographic framework began a process by which a replacement for MARC 21 format following a Linked data approach. Listed among the goals in the announcement was that the new framework, later called BIBFRAME, would use Linked data for the "Accommodation of textual data, linked data with URIs instead of text, and both." as well as provide for "Consideration of the needs of all sizes and types of libraries, from small public to large research." (BIBFRAME, 2011).

Recognizing the importance of these two requirements, the catalog pull platform initially started out as an experiment using the NoSQL key-value datastore called Redis to represent the FRBR Work, Expression, Manifestation, Item entities as collections of Redis keys. Later when the Library of Congress released the BIBFRAME vocabulary in 2013, the Redis experimentation shifted to representing converted MARC records into the four core BIBFRAME Work, Instance, Authority and Annotation classes. When scaling issues with using Redis with large MARC record sets (Redis requires all of the data to reside in memory)became a serious road-block, research shifted to using MongoDB. MongoDB, a NoSQL document-based datastore,  allowed for better scaling of these large MARC
record sets. Part of the challenge of working with MongoDB was converting the BIBFRAME RDF graphs generated from MARC into the JSON-like documents needed for MongoDB.

With the recent beta release of Fedora 4, the research on the catalog pull platform shifted yet again to see how well BIBFRAME graphs could be used with Fedora 4 after being converted from MARC records, a process detailed in the next section. The second BIBFRAME related work with Fedora 4 was connecting a BIBFRAME web editor developed by the Library of Congress so that JSON-LD could be converted and saved to Fedora 4. Also in active development is a Schema.org web editor that uses Fedora 4 to store [schema.org](http://schema.org) RDF graphs and datastreams as another method that the library could catalog important digital artifacts.

Staring in 2011 and continuing today, the author has been an early BIBFRAME experimenter, presenting at numerous regional and national conferences including being invited to present at an ALA 2013 round-table on BIBFRAME. The author's research was also one of the first listings on the BIBFRAME Implementation Register. (BIBFRAME Implementation Register, 2014) Part of the appeal of developing a pull platform was the ability to offer different tools in fast manner without have significant cross-dependencies between all of the components in the catalog pull platform.


